Triumph Engineering Co Ltd, a defunct British motorcycle manufacturerTriumph Motorcycles Ltd , a current British motorcycle manufacturer
In poetry, a stanza is a unit within a larger poem.A stanza consists of a grouping of two or more lines , set off by a space, that usually has a set pattern of meter and rhyme.The stanza in poetry is analogous with the paragraph that is seen in prose , related thoughts are grouped into units.
In finance , a bond is an instrument of indebtedness of the bond issuer to the holders.Bonds and stocks are both securities , but the major difference between the two is that (capital) stockholders have an equity stake in the company (i.e. they are owners), whereas bondholders have a creditor stake in the company (i.e. they are lenders).
are American people of Japanese heritage .Japanese Americans have historically been among the three largest Asian American communities, but in recent decades, it has become the sixth largest group at roughly 1,304,286, including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity.
Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O. or DO) is a professional doctoral degree for physicians offered by medical schools in the United States .Holders of the D.O. degree are known as osteopathic physicians and have the same rights, privileges, and responsibilities as physicians with a Doctor of Medicine degree (M.D.).
Pain and suffering is the legal term for the physical and emotional stress caused from an injury (see also pain and suffering ).Some damages that might be under this category would be: aches, temporary and permanent limitations on activity, potential shortening of life, depression or scarring .
It is a guarantee by the transferring financial institution that the signature is genuine and the financial institution accepts liability for any forgery.They also limit the liability of the transfer agent who accepts the certificates.
Lobbying (also lobby) is the act of attempting to influence decisions made by officials in the government , most often legislators or members of regulatory agencies .Lobbying is done by many different types of people and organized groups, including individuals in the private sector , corporations , fellow legislators or government officials, or advocacy groups (interest groups).
The seven gifts of the Holy Spirit is an enumeration of seven spiritual gifts originating with patristic authors, later elaborated by five intellectual virtues and four other groups of ethical characteristics.They are: wisdom, understanding, wonder and awe (fear of the Lord) , counsel, knowledge, fortitude, and piety (reverence).
China has been the source of many inventions , including the Four Great Inventions : papermaking , the compass , gunpowder , and printing (both woodblock and movable type ).The Chinese invented technologies involving mechanics , hydraulics , and mathematics applied to horology , metallurgy , astronomy , agriculture , engineering , music theory , craftsmanship , nautics , and warfare .
Deep Blue Sea is a 1999 science fiction horror film that stars Saffron Burrows , Thomas Jane , LL Cool J , Michael Rapaport , Stellan Skarsgård and Samuel L. Jackson .The film was directed by Renny Harlin and was released in the United States on July 28, 1999.
A confectionery store (more commonly referred to as a sweet shop in the United Kingdom, a candy store in the North America, or a lolly shop in Australia) sells confectionery and is usually targeted to children.Most confectionery stores are filled with an assortment of sweets far larger than a grocer or convenience store could accommodate.
Arthur Guyton 's Textbook of Medical Physiology states that the total amount of water in a man of average weight (70 kilograms) is approximately 40 litres, averaging 57 percent of his total body weight.In a newborn infant, this may be as high as 75 percent of the body weight, but it progressively decreases from birth to old age, most of the decrease occurring during the first 10 years of life.
A limited liability company (LLC) is a flexible form of enterprise that blends elements of partnership and corporate structures.An LLC is a legal form of company that provides limited liability to its owners in the vast majority of United States jurisdictions.
A metaphor is a figure of speech that describes a subject by asserting that it is, on some point of comparison, the same as another otherwise unrelated object.Metaphor is a type of analogy and is closely related to other rhetorical figures of speech that achieve their effects via association, comparison or resemblance including allegory , hyperbole , and simile .
DeShaun Dupree Holton (October 2, 1973 – April 11, 2006), better known by his stage name Proof, was an American rapper and actor from Detroit , Michigan .In 2006, Proof was shot and killed during an altercation at the CCC nightclub in Detroit.
An academic discipline, or field of study, is a branch of knowledge that is taught and researched at the college or university level.Disciplines are defined (in part), and recognized by the academic journals in which research is published, and the learned societies and academic departments or faculties to which their practitioners belong.
They are usually right next to the Luxury Boxes , either right above, right below, or sandwiched between two levels of Luxury Boxes.Club Level seating is considered as higher class than sitting anywhere else in the arena, but lower class compared to the Luxury Boxes.
The Boston Bruins Radio Network is a 25-station (17 A.M., 8 F.M. plus 2 F.M. translators) CBS Radio network which carries live game broadcasts of the Boston Bruins .The network's flagship station is WBZ-FM /98.5- Boston, Massachusetts .
Elizabeth Cady Stanton (November 12, 1815 – October 26, 1902) was an American social activist , abolitionist, and leading figure of the early women's rights movement .Her Declaration of Sentiments , presented at the first women's rights convention held in 1848 in Seneca Falls , New York , is often credited with initiating the first organized women's rights and women's suffrage movements in the United States.
The Bible has been translated into many languages from the biblical languages of Hebrew , Aramaic and Greek .The full Bible has been translated into 518 languages, and 2798 languages have at least some portion of the Bible.
A talent agent, or booking agent, is a person who finds jobs for actors , authors , film directors , musicians , models , producers, professional athletes , writers and other people in various entertainment businesses.An agent also defends, supports and promotes the interest of his/her clients.
A dwarf planet is a planetary-mass object that is neither a planet nor a satellite .More explicitly, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) defines a dwarf planet as a celestial body in direct orbit of the Sun that is massive enough for its shape to be controlled by gravitation , but that unlike a planet has not cleared its orbital region of other objects.
George Washington ( – , 1799) was the first President of the United States (1789–1797), the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .He retired from the presidency in 1797 and returned to his home, Mount Vernon , and his domestic life where he managed a variety of enterprises.
Patrick Henry Treason speech before the House of Burgesses in an 1851 painting by Peter F. RothermelGive me liberty, or give me death! is a quotation attributed to Patrick Henry from a speech he made to the Virginia Convention .
Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) is an immune mediated disease of the brain .It usually occurs following a viral infection but may appear following vaccination , bacterial or parasitic infection, or even appear spontaneously.
In January 1863 President Lincoln freed slaves in the Confederacy through the Emancipation Proclamation .After the war, the Thirteenth Amendment , effective December 1865, abolished slavery throughout the entire United States, including the Border states and the Indian territories.
The TI-82 is a graphing calculator made by Texas Instruments .The TI-82 was designed in 1993 as a stripped down, more user friendly version of the TI-85 , and as a replacement for the TI-81 .
Dumbledore is portrayed by Richard Harris in the film adaptions of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .After Harris' death, Michael Gambon portrayed Dumbledore for all of the remaining films.
The Royal Standard of the United Kingdom is flown when the Queen is in residence in one of the royal residences.The Royal Standard is flown at royal residences only when the sovereign is present.
Hurricane Katrina was the deadliest and most destructive Atlantic hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .Hurricane Katrina formed over the Bahamas on August 23, 2005 and crossed southern Florida as a moderate Category 1 hurricane , causing some deaths and flooding there before strengthening rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) (, codified in part at ) is a federal law which establishes minimum standards for pension plans in private industry and provides for extensive rules on the federal income tax effects of transactions associated with employee benefit plans.ERISA was enacted to protect the interests of employee benefit plan participants and their beneficiaries by:
Sherlock Holmes ( or ) is a fictional detective created by author and physician Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .A London-based consulting detective whose abilities border on the fantastic, Holmes is famous for his astute logical reasoning , his ability to adopt almost any disguise, and his use of forensic science skills to solve difficult cases.
Spelt, also known as dinkel wheat, or hulled wheat, is an ancient species of wheat from the fifth millennium BC.It is a hexaploid wheat, which means it has six sets of chromosomes.
Shem ( ; Sēm; Arabic : Sām; Ge'ez : ሴም, Sēm; renown; prosperity; name) was one of the sons of Noah in the Hebrew Bible as well as in Islamic literature .He is most popularly regarded as the eldest son, though some traditions regard him as the second son.
A proxy auto-config (PAC) file defines how web browsers and other user agents can automatically choose the appropriate proxy server (access method) for fetching a given URL .A PAC file contains a JavaScript function “FindProxyForURL(url, host)”.
The Honda S600 is an automobile manufactured by Honda .It was launched in March 1964.
to indicate the precision of an approximation , orto indicate a value that can be of either sign.
Hadley (right) discussing the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis with Bush and Rice.Stephen John Hadley (born February 13, 1947) was the 21st U.S. Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (commonly referred as National Security Advisor ), serving under President George W. Bush .
Erosion is the process by which soil and rock are removed from the Earth's surface by exogenetic processes such as wind or water flow, and then transported and deposited in other locations.Water and wind erosion are now the two primary causes of land degradation ; combined, they are responsible for 84% of degraded acreage, making excessive erosion one of the most significant global environmental problems.
Albany is the 11th largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon , and is the county seat of Linn County .It is located in the Willamette Valley at the confluence of the Calapooia River and the Willamette River in both Linn and Benton counties, just east of Corvallis and south of Salem .
Paresthesia ( or ), is a sensation of tickling, tingling, burning, pricking, or numbness of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect.It is more generally known as the feeling of pins and needles or of a limb falling asleep.
Automotive SLI batteries are usually lead-acid type, and are made of six galvanic cells in series to provide a 12 volt system.Lead-acid batteries are made up of plates of lead and separate plates of lead dioxide , which are submerged into an electrolyte solution of about 38% sulfuric acid and 62% water .
Enigma is an electronic musical project founded in Germany by Michael Cretu , David Fairstein and Frank Peterson in 1990.The Romanian-born Cretu conceived the Enigma project while working in Germany, but based his recording studio A.R.T. Studios in Ibiza, Spain , from the early 1990s until May 2009, where he has recorded all of Enigma's studio releases to date.
Officially performed by Caroll Spinney since 1969, he is an eight-foot two-inch (249 cm) tall bright primrose-yellow bird.He lives in a large nest behind the 123 Sesame Street brownstone and has a teddy bear named Radar.
The Watergate scandal was a political scandal that occurred in the United States in the 1970s as a result of the June 17, 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate office complex in Washington, D.C., and the Nixon administration's attempted cover-up of its involvement.The scandal eventually led to the resignation of Richard Nixon , the President of the United States, on August 9, 1974 — the only resignation of a U.S. President.
Firebird is an open source SQL relational database management system that runs on Linux , Windows , and a variety of Unix .The database forked from Borland 's open source edition of InterBase in 2000, but since Firebird 1.5 the code has been largely rewritten.
Mahindra has a huge consumer base in India, China and America and a growing base in Australia.The company builds more tractors in India than any other manufacturer, and has the capacity to build 150,000 tractors a year.
Letterboxing is the practice of transferring film shot in a widescreen aspect ratio to standard-width video formats while preserving the film's original aspect ratio.The resulting videographic image has mattes (black bars) above and below it; these mattes are part of the image (i.e., of each frame of the video signal).
The newest adopted symbol of Arizona is the Colt Single Action Army in 2011.Arizona became the second state to adopt a state firearm after Utah adopted the Browning M1911 .
South Africa has eleven official languages : Afrikaans , English , Ndebele , Northern Sotho , Sotho , Swazi , Tswana , Tsonga , Venda , Xhosa and Zulu .The English version of the South African constitution refers to the languages by the names in those languages: isiZulu , isiXhosa , Afrikaans , Sepedi (referring to Northern Sotho), Setswana , English , Sesotho (referring to Southern Sotho), Xitsonga , Siswati , Tshivenda and isiNdebele (referring to Southern Ndebele).
One is US Government Standard Bathroom Malodor; a mixture of eight chemicals with a stench resembling human feces, only much stronger, designed to test the efficacy of deodorizers and air fresheners .Another one,  Who me? , is a mixture of five sulfur-containing chemicals and smells like rotting food and carcasses.
The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia is a Southern Gothic song written by songwriter Bobby Russell and performed in 1972 by his then-wife Vicki Lawrence .Reba McEntire later covered it in 1991.
In some countries, the return address is conventionally located in the upper left hand corner of the envelope , card, or label.In the United Kingdom , the return address is usually placed on the reverse of the envelope, near the top.
Homo erectus and Homo ergaster were the first of the hominina to leave Africa, and these species spread through Africa, Asia, and Europe between .According to the Recent African Ancestry theory , modern humans evolved in Africa possibly from Homo heidelbergensis , Homo rhodesiensis or Homo antecessor and migrated out of the continent some 50,000 to 100,000 years ago, replacing local populations of Homo erectus, Homo denisova , Homo floresiensis and Homo neanderthalensis.
Thomas Jefferson (April 13, 1743 (April 2, 1743 O.S. ) – July 4, 1826) was an American Founding Father , the principal author of the Declaration of Independence (1776) and the third President of the United States (1801–1809).Elected president in what Jefferson called the Revolution of 1800 , he oversaw the purchase of the vast Louisiana Territory from France (1803), and sent the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1804–1806) to explore the new west.
Serial ATA (SATA) is a computer bus interface that connects host bus adapters to mass storage devices such as hard disk drives and optical drives .Serial ATA replaces the older AT Attachment standard (ATA; later referred to as Parallel ATA or PATA), offering several advantages over the older interface: reduced cable size and cost (seven conductors instead of 40), native hot swapping , faster data transfer through higher signalling rates, and more efficient transfer through an (optional) I/O queuing protocol.
The Moon is thought to have formed nearly 4.5 billion years ago, not long after the Earth.Although there have been several hypotheses for its origin in the past, the current most widely accepted explanation is that the Moon formed from the debris left over after a giant impact between Earth and a Mars -sized body.
Section 8 of the Housing Act of 1937 (), often simply known as Section 8, as repeatedly amended, authorizes the payment of rental housing assistance to private landlords on behalf of approximately 3.1 million low-income households.It operates through several programs, the largest of which, the Housing Choice Voucher program, pays a large portion of the rents and utilities of about 2.1 million households.
Four of the nation's five most popular team sports were developed in North America: American football , baseball , basketball and ice hockey , whereas soccer was developed in England.The four Major leagues in the United States are the National Basketball Association (NBA), National Football League (NFL), Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Hockey League (NHL); all enjoy massive media exposure and are considered the preeminent competitions in their respective sports in the world.
Gravy is a sauce , made often from the juices that run naturally from meat or vegetables during cooking.The gravy may be further colored and flavored with gravy salt (a simple mix of salt and caramel food colouring) or gravy browning (gravy salt dissolved in water) or ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts.
Northville is an affluent city located in and divided by Oakland and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Michigan .Most of the city is in Oakland County, and is surrounded by the city of Novi .
While he achieved fame during his lifetime as an author, philosopher, alchemist and astronomer , composing a scientific treatise on the astrolabe for his ten year-old son Lewis, Chaucer also maintained an active career in the civil service as a bureaucrat, courtier and diplomat.Chaucer is a crucial figure in developing the legitimacy of the vernacular , Middle English , at a time when the dominant literary languages in England were French and Latin.
Wildlife such as ibex live in the higher peaks to elevations of , and plants such as Edelweiss grow in rocky areas in lower elevations as well as in higher elevations.At present the region is home to 14 million people and has 120 million annual visitors.
Interlibrary loan (abbreviated ILL, and sometimes called interloan, document delivery, or document supply) is a service whereby a user of one library can borrow books or receive photocopies of documents that are owned by another library.The user makes a request with their local library, which, acting as an intermediary, identifies owners of the desired item, places the request, receives the item, makes it available to the user, and arranges for its return.
The history of immigration to the United States is a continuing story of peoples from more populated continents, particularly Europe and also Africa and Asia, crossing oceans to the new land.Starting around 1600 British and other Europeans settled primarily on the east coast .
Vitamin B12, vitamin B12 or vitamin B-12, also called cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin with a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and for the formation of blood .It is normally involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body, especially affecting DNA synthesis and regulation, but also fatty acid synthesis and energy production.
Osaka is a city in the Kansai region of Japan's main island of Honshu , a designated city under the Local Autonomy Law , the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and also the largest part of the Keihanshin metropolis, which comprises three major cities of Japan, Kyoto , Osaka and Kobe .Located at the mouth of the Yodo River on Osaka Bay , Osaka is Japan's third largest city by population after Tokyo (special wards) and Yokohama .
Tycho Brahe (14 December 154624 October 1601), born Tyge Ottesen Brahe, was a Danish nobleman known for his accurate and comprehensive astronomical and planetary observations.Tycho was well known in his lifetime as an astronomer and alchemist .
Area code 479 is the telephone area code serving thirteen counties in northwest Arkansas , including the cities of Fort Smith , Fayetteville , Springdale , Rogers and Bentonville : the second, third, fourth, eighth and tenth-largest cities in the state, respectively.Area code 479 serves Benton , Carroll (split with area code 870 ), Crawford , Franklin , Johnson , Logan , Madison , Polk , Pope , Scott , Sebastian , Washington and Yell Counties in Arkansas.
The light-independent reactions of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose .These reactions take the light-dependent reactions and perform further chemical processes on them.
State schools (also known as public schools or government schools) generally refer to primary or secondary schools mandated for or offered to all children without charge paid for, in whole or in part, by taxation .The term may also refer to institutions of post-secondary education funded, in whole or in part, and overseen by government.
Coldwater is a small town in Tate County , Mississippi .It is in the Memphis Metropolitan Area .
Single Malt Scotch is single malt whisky made in Scotland using a pot still distillation process at a single distillery , with malted barley as the only grain ingredient.As with any Scotch whisky , a single malt Scotch must be distilled in Scotland and matured in oak casks in Scotland for at least three years (most single malts are matured longer).
Fields is currently a meteorologist for the CBS owned and operated television stations KCBS-TV and KCAL-TV in Los Angeles, California.Fields can also be heard on the radio on K-EARTH 101 KRTH , KNX-AM and KFWB in Los Angeles.
The Wizard of Oz, known during his reign as The Great and Powerful Oz, is the epithet of Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkel Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs, a fictional character in the Land of Oz , created by American author L. Frank Baum .The character was further popularized by the classic 1939 movie , wherein his full name is not mentioned.
Jerky is lean meat that has been trimmed of fat, cut into strips, and then dried to prevent spoilage.Modern manufactured jerky is normally marinated in a seasoned spice rub or liquid, and dried, dehydrated or smoked with low heat (usually under 70 °C/160 °F).
Symptoms are initially mild, and then develop into severe coughing fits, which produce the namesake high-pitched whoop sound in infected babies and children when they inhale air after coughing.The coughing stage lasts approximately six weeks before subsiding.
Lockton Affinity: Lockton Affinity, an affiliate of Lockton Companies, meets the insurance needs of affinity groups, franchises, professional organizations, and associations of all sizes.Lockton Affinity offers a variety of insurance product options and programs.
A steam engine is a heat engine that performs mechanical work using steam as its working fluid .Steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products.
NassauFreeport, Bahamas
Employing over 6,000, BMC is often credited with pioneering the BSM concept as a way to help better align IT operations with business needs.For 2011, the company recorded an annual revenue of $2.1 billion, making it the #20 largest software company in terms of revenue for that year.
Atlanta (, stressed , locally ) is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia , with an estimated 2011 population of 432,427.Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area , home to 5,457,831 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States.
Wii homebrew refers to the reuse of Nintendo 's Wii game console to run software that has not been authorized by Nintendo .In more general terms, Wii Homebrew refers to the use of the Wii 's hardware, accessories and software for purposes outside those intended by the manufacturer.
Milwaukee is the largest city in the U.S. state of Wisconsin , the 28th most populous city in the United States , and 39th most populous region in the United States.
land lot , a piece of land;
Minnesota () is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States .
Naturally occurring cobalt (Co) is composed of 1 stable isotope , 59Co. 28 radioisotopes have been characterized with the most stable being 60Co with a half-life of 5.2714 years, 57Co with a half-life of 271.79 days, 56Co with a half-life of 77.27 days, and 58Co with a half-life of 70.86 days.
It describes change in one's work and life, and four typical reactions to said change by two mice and two littlepeople, during their hunt for cheese .
Khrushchev's party colleagues removed him from power in 1964, replacing him with Leonid Brezhnev as First Secretary and Alexei Kosygin as Premier.
President Bush signing the No Child Left Behind Act at Hamilton H.S. in Hamilton, Ohio .
She was charged with first degree murder in October 2008 and pled not guilty.
A surveyor's wheel, also called a clickwheel, hodometer, waywiser, trundle wheel , measuring wheel, or perambulator is a device for measuring distance.
On 28 July, the Austro-Hungarians fired the first shots of the war as preparation for the invasion of Serbia .
Scurvy is a disease resulting from a deficiency of vitamin C , which is required for the synthesis of collagen in humans.
Girls Just Want to Have Fun is a 1979 song originally written by Robert Hazard and made famous by singer Cyndi Lauper .
Defibrillation is a common treatment for life-threatening cardiac dysrhythmias , ventricular fibrillation , and pulseless ventricular tachycardia .
The Petit Le Mans ( French for little Le Mans) is a sports car endurance race held annually at Road Atlanta in Braselton, Georgia , USA.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is a lentivirus (slowly replicating retrovirus ) that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), a condition in humans in which progressive failure of the immune system allows life-threatening opportunistic infections and cancers to thrive.
The tiger salamander (Ambystoma tigrinum) is a species of mole salamander .