Basically there are many categories of  Best Seller  . Replace  Best Seller  by something like  Oscars  and every  best seller  book is basically an  oscar - winning  book . May not have won the  Best film  , but even if you won the best director or best script , you 're still an  oscar - winning  film . Same thing for best sellers . Also , IIRC the rankings change every week or something like that . Some you might not be best seller one week , but you may be the next week . I guess even if you do n't stay there for long , you still achieved the status . Hence , # 1 best seller .
Used to work in the salt industry ( yes , it 's a thing ) . Salt is one of the cheapest substances on earth . As in , you 'd be getting ripped off if you paid more than $ 150 per metric ton . ( In fact , the largest component of salt 's price is actually shipping . Yes , it costs more to transport salt than it does to produce it . ) Salt does its job ( lowering the freezing point of water ) incredibly effectively and is ludicrously abundant in nature . Its crystalline structure can also be manipulated in order to have sharper edges that reduce bounce . So that allows it to stick evenly to critical surfaces such as roads . Yes , there are alternatives . Usually salt / gravel mix or sugar beet based solutions . Those have less of an environmental impact when the spring melt washes it into the drain . This is more used in places where balance of water salinity for the safety of aquatic life is important . Propylene glycol , a water displacer , is even used in some places where it 's so cold that salt wo n't work effectively . But salt is by far the cheapest , most effective solution for preventing the icing of roads . And your government wants above all cheap and effective solutions that reduce winter accidents and keep people safe . They do n't care as much about the finish on your 1994 Honda Prelude .
The way it works is that old TV stations got a certain amount of bandwidth to replace their old analog TV stations . However , HD takes up more bandwidth then SD - so the stations can choose between 2 or 3 HD stations , or like 7 or 8 SD stations ( or a mix of both ) They can do a bunch of SD stations and make more money in advertizing by running 7 or 8 different reruns of old SD TV shows at a time In fact , those stations often got permanent rights to show an unlimited number of reruns of old syndicated shows in perpetuity . That means they do n't even have to pay anyone to air old eppisodes of _ Star Trek _ or _ Alf _ So basically it 's free money for them , based on being around for a long , long time and having their old rights get upgraded as new technology comes out .
You ca n't just go around assassinating the leaders of countries you do nt like ! The international condemnation would be brutal . Even though noone likes Kim Jong - Un , and everyone thinks North Korea is pretty shitty to its citizens , if say the US were to send agents over ( and do n't think they are n't capable of it ) and they got caught .... every country , every world leader would be a potential target . Who 's next ... Castro ? Angela Merkel ? Anyways , rumour has it that he 's ultra paranoid about exactly that and travels around in tanks and armoured trains that make Limo 1 look like a tonka toy .
This is a frequent phenomenon with technology : something is considered very hard or even impossible for a long , long time , and then one day , somebody figures it out . That opens a whole FLOODGATE of discovery leading to discovery , and the technology leaps forward quickly . Eventually , those chains of discovery start to play out , and the rate of advancement slows down , and may even come to a halt , perhaps starting up again years later when somebody discovers something new . We saw the same phenomenon with the building of the first transistor in 1947 . The * theory * of transistors had actually been known since the early 20th century , but nobody had figured out a way to actually build one . That led to an explosion in electronics , and when somebody figured out how to put a shitload of teensy transistors on a silicon wafer , the explosion exploded .
Melanin ! Many of the the first known humans existed in the fertile crescent - modern day Iraq and surrounding areas , and it was just as sunny and hot as it is today . Melanin causes skin and eyes to have a darker color , and as a benefit reduced the amount of UV radiation absorbed into the skin . Eventually humans expanded into less hot and sunlit areas allowing for the survival and procreation of people who developed lighter colored eyes and skin because of the lack of need of melanin for survival .
Religious beliefs do not automatically trump laws . You need to show that your * sincere * religious beliefs are more important than the state 's interest in enforcing the law . Since you just made up the religion on your own & nobody else believes it , any judge faced with this would laugh in your face and call you out as full of shit .
It 's three fold : * Stuff is cheaper to mass produce now then it used to be , making it easy to replace something * Fixing something that 's broken is almost always not a mass - production task . It require human time and effort and unique problem solving skills depending on the issue . This has always been expensive , and is still expensive today . * Many things today are completely impossible for the average person to fix , often not due to people trying to prevent it , but because things are so complicated today , that it 's nearly impossible to be able to fix all the kinds of things you use , compared to 200 years ago when you only used a small set of tools and items which were all relatively simple .
EDIT , Nov 21 : By popular demand , now includes Midrange decks and Limited formats . Also , a new section on where players get their cards . Magic : The Gathering is a collectable card game . It can be played in several different formats , but in the most common , two players create decks out of the cards they own and play against each other . Generally , the cards in a deck are either lands or spells . Lands provide the energy needed to cast spells , and spells usually do one of the following : - Summon a creature that can fight for you or an artifact that you can use . ( * * Creatures * * and * * Artifacts * * ) - Create a lasting effect that affects the game as a whole or one or more cards in play . ( * * Enchantments * * ) - Create an instantaneous effect that affects one or more cards in play or an effect that lasts a single turn . ( * * Sorceries * * and * * Instants * * ) - Summon a sort of  teammate  that has its own abilities . ( * * Planeswalkers * * ) The primary goal is to run your opponent out of life points by attacking him with creatures or damaging him directly with spells . There are other ways to win , such as running your opponent out of cards in his deck . The gameplay is complex . The players take turns , but many types of spells can be cast on an opponent 's turn , or in response to a spell that they are trying to cast . A critical play by one player may be countered by the other , and that counter itself countered by the first . There are many thousands of cards out there , and you are not expected to know about them all . The Comprehensive Rules ( * not * including the text of cards ) are nearly two hundred pages , although a lot of that consists of old mechanics that are rarely used or highly - specified details that are rarely relevant . The learning curve is pretty steep , but a few games suffice to learn the basic rules . The complexity is more similar to Dungeons and Dragons than to most card games . A key feature of M : tG is the concept of * * color * * . There are five colors : Red , Green , White , Blue , Black . Each is  allied  to two others and  opposed  to the two others . Most spells require mana of a certain color to cast , which is produced by different types of land cards . Each color has distinct strengths and weaknesses – for example , blue has the best counterspells , but it 's not very good at simply hitting things . A given deck will usually use from one to three colors of card , although in some situations decks with four or five colors can work . In addition , it is often considered that there are three general archetypes of deck ( with a * lot * of variation within each category ) : - * * Aggro * * decks focus on dealing damage ASAP to win ASAP . They usually have cheap creatures (  weenies  ) that can be used right away and  buff-type spells to eke out a few more points of damage . They usually win fast or not at all , because they often ca n't stand up to the more powerful creatures and spells that are played later in the game . - * * Control * * decks focus on preventing the opponent from acting until the player is ready to win with powerful spells or abilities . They run a lot of counterspells , destruction spells , and things that make action more expensive for the opponent , along with a few creatures strong on defense and disruption . They usually win by using cheap defenses against expensive attacks until they are ready to overwhelm the opponent with their accumulated strength , and lose if they just ca n't stay ahead of the enemy 's attacks . - * * Combo * * decks rely on a few combinations of cards that can lead to a near - instant victory . There * are * infinite combos in M : tG , but they 're designed to be difficult or resource - intensive to pull off . A combo deck will usually run ( in addition to the all - important combo pieces )  tutor  cards that let them search their deck , protection cards to guard the combo pieces , and just enough stall cards to prevent a quick defeat . A combo deck wins when it gets its combo in place before losing , and loses if it ca n't get the combo out in time or ca n't protect it long enough to use it . - * * Midrange * * decks are a common intermediate archetype between Aggro and Control . Midrange tries to beat down the opponent with damage from powerful creatures ( colloquially ,  fatties  ) rather than with cheap ones (  weenies  ) . These decks have to run enough control to stay alive until the big hitters come out . They win when they get the hitters out early enough to do lethal damage , and lose when they ca n't get the big guys out at all ( being out - controlled ) or when they just take too much of a beating too early ( being out - aggro'd ) . --- Many different kinds of people play M : tG. There are professional players who win large sums at tournaments , groups of friends who play casually on the weekends , and everything in between . If you 're playing competitively , it can be absurdly expensive , as you can not compromise on getting the perfect cards for your deck , but if you and your opponents are playing casually , it 's a lot cheaper . The most common formats are as follows . Two - player games are the norm for tournaments , but casual matches are often multiplayer . * * Constructed * * formats call for pre - constructed decks built from each player 's personal collection : - * * Standard * * : Decks are made of cards printed in about the last 18 months . - * * Modern * * : Decks are made of cards printed since about 2003 ( minus a ban list ) . - * * Legacy * * : Decks are made of * any * cards ( minus a ban list ) . - * * Vintage * * : Decks are made of * any * cards ( minus a * very small * ban list ) . - * * Commander * * ( or  EDH  ): Decks are made of * any * cards ( minus a ban list ) , but limited to one of each card . One creature card is designated as your  commander  and is nearly always available for summoning . A popular multiplayer format . * * Limited * * formats feature decks made on the spot from a limited pool of cards : - * * Sealed * * : Each player opens several randomized booster packs and makes a deck from the contents . - * * Draft * * : A group of players open many packs and use a system to pick their cards from the contents , then build a deck from what they have . These formats cost money each time to play , because you need to buy booster packs . However , you can play them without having any of your own cards beforehand . Limited play can be a good way to pick up more cards . A relatively new casual format is * * Cube * * , in which you and your group put together a large pile of cards beforehand and use them in place of booster packs . This eliminates the recurring expense , although you need to have enough cards beforehand . There are others formats , including Conspiracy , Planechase , Pauper ( use no rare cards ) . Two - Headed Giant ( play with a partner ) , and many more . Formats that allow older cards tend to be more expensive , because the cards have been out of print for a long time . Commander is a bit cheaper than other formats that allow old cards , because you only can have one of each card ( other formats usually allow up to four of each card ) . I play Commander with my D & D group . None of us puts that much money into it , and we try to keep it more fun than competitive . Some of the players also play in local mini - tournaments on Friday nights (  Friday Night Magic  ) , usually breaking about even . --- So , where does one get cards ? Most cards come from randomized booster packs with 15 cards each . Cards from a given set are designated either common , uncommon , rare , or  mythic rare  . You can buy booster packs for around $ 3.50 USD from retailers , or you can buy them as part of a limited tournament . There are also pre - made decks that you can buy directly from Wizards of the Coast . Each one has a theme and cards intended to work together . You wo n't win any tournaments with a pre - made deck , but it can be a good starting point . In addition , there are a couple of products intended for beginners , such as the  Deck - builder 's toolkit  with a semi - randomized selection of cards and a big stack of common lands . ( Common lands are dirt cheap , but it would take quite a few booster packs to get enough to build a deck . ) Most M : tG players trade cards with their friends or at events to get the specific cards they need . In addition , there is a thriving market of single cards at game stores and online . Some very , very old cards are very , very rare and expensive . A single [ Black Lotus ]  can cost many thousands of dollars . But these cards are not legal in most formats , and most players will never have seen one in person . When playing casually , your group may allow the use of  proxy  cards to substitute for the pricey ones . Myself , I 've only been playing for a year or so , and I do n't actually own my own cards ! ( My friends have a ton of extra decks to lend out . ) I 'm planning to build my own Commander deck soon , and I 'll be starting from a pre - made deck from Wizards and supplementing it primarily with trades with friends and singles from the internet .
Like viruses , they are ( groups of ) molecules that reproduce without metabolism . Unlike any other self - replicating system , prions are proteins that have a unique structure . One part of how a protein functions is the amino acid sequence that makes up the primary structure , but the other part is how the proteins folds , either by itself or with the help of other folder - helper proteins . Prions have the same amino acid sequence as their properly folded brethren , but they are folded differently , and they make a chain reaction by folding their brethren to be like them . Cruetzfeld - Jakob disease in humans , Mad Cow disease in cows , and chronic wasting disease in deer , are all prion diseases that affect neuronal proteins .
> I 've always wanted to know why hackers are jamming on their keyboards In reality , this does n't happen . This is done in movies to make it look dramatic and exciting . Real computer hacking involves staring at a computer screen for hours of a time , searching a lot on Google , muttering  hmmm  and various expletives to oneself now and then , and stroking one 's hacker - beard while occasionally tapping on a few keys .
As someone who suffers from severe depression I can tell you mine is both physical and psychological . I know in my heart that no matter what circumstances I could ever be subjected to would never change that or get rid of it , it would be more of a genetics thing I suppose . Lately I tried to explain it to a friend and the only thing I can really use as an analogy for me are paper towels . Some are produced cheap and are shit , they tear and do n't soak up shit . These paper towels are still trying to be good but poor genes have them already behind a better crafted towel . Now let 's pretend we have two hammocks with one being designed using the shitty paper towel and one using the really strong and absorbent towel . If you consider each one of life 's problems and also just poor genes as a marble and you were to drop a marble into the hammocks they would eventually fall thru and you would be screwed . I view talking and medicine as a removal of a marble or two and at the end of the day I suppose each person develops ways of removing marbles but the marbles do n't stop coming . This whole life is just a flimsy , soaked towel and I lost my marbles .
Most of the time , any location wo nt do . They want a specific look , so they build a set to fit that look . Or there s nothing like it nearby , and it 's cheaper than paying everyone to live somewhere else for the length of the shoot . Also , many public places simply ca n't be close off that long . If you 're filming a movie over the course of a year , you might be able to shut down an area for a few days of shooting , but if you need that space often you 're not going to be able to shut down a park or roads every few days . Also , if you 're filming in a public area it 's hard to stop the public from wandering in or watching from as close as possible . also , they can build the set without certain walls or in certain ways so camera angles that are n't possible in real places you can suddenly do . And if you have to destroy something ..... or have something loud and noisy or distracting ...
I 'm going to go off the assumption that you do n't know what tor is , if you do then feel free to skip the next paragraph . The entire idea behind tor is that by bouncing your information through different relay points , each of which is secured and the data transfers between them are encrypted , thus making your communications much harder to trace back to you . If I turn on my computer and use a regular browser , lets say Firefox , my computer requests that a specific bit of information from , lets say , reddit . My request is sent from my computer , to my ISP 's servers , to the servers of the website and then takes the little bit of information , lets say a specific webpage , and then does that same process in reverse . Taking the information from the servers of the website to the ISP 's servers and then back to my computer . Tor complicates this process by , rather then doing a straight line of data from computer to ISP to site , first encrypting all the communication and then secondly bouncing that signal / request for data around before submitting the request for information . This has the effect of making you appear like your in another place and posses a different IP address then you actually do . Simply put , a Tor node is one of the small parts of the jump that obfuscates your physical location and IP address by bouncing your information . An exit node is a tor node that serves as the ' exit ' point from the tor network and sends the actual request for information from the site . Hopefully that clears this up , if you have anymore questions just ask . :)
The reason wikipedia goes off in many directions is because it 's a generic term , it does n't describe any single technique . It 's just attempting to get people to pay you for their thing , preventing them from pirating it . It 's controversial because a lot of DRM implementations tend to be very inconvenient for the legit customers , whereas the people that would pirate your product will likely be able to do it anyway , and because their copy is cracked , they do n't see the downside of the restrictive DRM . It literally only hurts the paying customers , which in turn forces more people to pirate . Nobody wins .
The world is moving to an electronic cash world . Employees and employers both prefer direct deposit , it 's cheaper and easier to manage . Distributing pay checks takes time . I work for a small business that has 50 employees , at 3 locations . On pay day , someone has to go to each location and distribute checks to everyone , that takes them almost the entire day . Imagine a factory with 1000 employees , at the end of every shift 333 employees will be lining up for pay checks . If the payroll people spend 30 seconds per employee , that 's still 2.5 hours spent on distributing pay checks every shift . If you distribute cash , it 's even worse . Ask older vets about payroll day at a military base . Multiple armored cars loaded with a few million in cash need a military police escorts . Heavily armed guards managing lines of soldiers trying to get their pay . Armored cars carrying pay roll used to get robbed all the time , checks and direct deposit eliminate all the costs and security issues surrounding having large amounts of cash on site .
Probably the dog has time to breathe in between barks . Screaming without stopping does n't allow you to catch your breath . Also , I would like to see somebody who can scream for two hours :)
> Will we eventually have to pay it off ? What if we do n't ? Sorta , this  debt  is not the same as household debt . There are a handful of amazing ELI5s to help explain that part . ... Right now , economists do n't percieve the debt as much of an issue , we do n't know how much is  too much debt  but what is going on right now , they generally agree is the right move . Currently , for the US to take out debt , its incredibly cheap , so cheap that its overwhelmingly in the US 's best benefit to keep taking out debt . --eventually this wo n't be the case , but no one is really sure when that will be .
From a political perspective, a large voting block for the Republican party are older and very religiously conservative ( Usually Christian , specifically protestant ) . The more conservative forms of Christianity do not favor homosexuality . If the Republican party were to openly support protections for homosexuals ( and others that fall into LGBT categories ) they risk alienating an important voter block , which affects their reelection chances and political power .
When you 're in between deep sleep and the lighter sleep where it 's easy to wake up , the sleep paralysis that stops you from acting out your dreams can do strange shit . Sometimes you 'll be surfacing to wakefulness again when your brain accidently throws the sleep paralysis switch again . The sudden tension in the body can feel like falling to a sleep - frazzled mind , and it galvanizes you strongly it can even create the sensation you 'd dropped onto the bed and bounced . You did n't . Your body just got switched into safe mode by accident .
holding the knife the traditional way gives good reach and finesse for fighting and holding the opponent at a distance . It is often a weaker grip , easier to disarm and harder to make powerful blows with . The goal of an assassin is almost always contrary to that goal . An assassin always wants a killing blow , which is more often a deep stab than a long distance slash . Finally , it looks cool . everyone holds a knife the normal way , so when you see someone holding it the other way , the assumption is they know what they 're doing and why they would want to hold it that way , which helps with the  assassin  portrayal . Here 's a good description of several grip types and the advantages
The quality of the glass is different , but more importantly the size of the prodction line , the ease with which you transport a case of beer compared to fragile goods like wine glasses , and you are missing intellectual property rights . Typically , all beer bottles look basically the same and no  real  cost has to be paid to designers . A designer can take a big percentage . Also , there are expensive beers , and cheap wine glasses . You wo n't pay that at IKEA .
Sometimes it 's for legal reasons . For example , there was already a Burger King restaurant in Australia , so in order to avoid violating the other restaurant 's trademark , Burger King was re - branded as Hungry Jack 's ( which it 's still called in Australia today ) . Other times the name is changed because it historical / cultural meaning of the original name is lost across borders . For example , Harry Potter and the Philospher 's Stone was renamed Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone for US audiences because the mythology / story surrounding the Philospher 's Stone is not part of popular US culture / common knowledge , so the name lost it 's meaning in the US and Sorcerer 's Stone was seen to make more sense . Lastly , brand names are sometimes changed because the name may have a different meaning in another culture which ( potentially ) has a negative or inappropriate connotation . For example , the Honda Fit was originally going to be called the Honda Fitta until it was discovered that ' Fitta ' roughly translates to ' pussy ' in many Nordic languages . Another example is Church 's Chicken which has been re - branded as Texas Chicken in other parts of the world where ' Church ' is assumed to have a religious connection ( as opposed to just being a person 's name ) .
They do n't . Criminal profiling is a pretty controversial topic among professionals . For every criminal profile that is right there is usually one that is wrong . The efficacy of criminal profiling is hotly debated . It does n't help that shows misrepresent what it is and how well is works .
I have a long running hypothesis . AMD is secretly owned by Intel to prevent antitrust legal action for being a monopoly . They never make money , are always one step behind and never go out of business .
It was easy to read , appealed to an audience , and grew up with that audience . The themes in the books got progressively more mature each book . Also , it 's success is hardly  unrivaled  .
It 's largely politics . Unions tend to be very strong supporters of the Democratic party , and that does n't sit well with Republicans . But , for some specific points of contention : * Unions fight for what they think is a fair wage . Some people think that wage is unreasonably high . * Unions support closed shop laws , which make it illegal to hold certain jobs if you 're not in a union . Others support right to work laws , because they do n't think union membership should be mandatory . * In theory , unions work for better conditions for workers . However , some unions are corrupt , linked to organized crime , and hold nonunion workers in contempt .
We could now . But this probe was launched 10 years ago , and was designed and built mostly during the 90s .
ANY cell can get cancer . Your professor is likely citing a statistic that suggests that breastfeeding lowers chances of cancer significantly , but I think it 's naive to say milk production completely stops cancer development . Cancer is a specific mutation of your cells that basically means your cells are n't told to die anymore . They grow uncontrollably . I 'm not sure of the correlation between breastfeeding ( or milk production ) and cancer growth , but * all * cells can mutate in this way . It 's just that ; like smoking increases the risk of this mutation , so can breastfeeding reduce that risk . Frighteningly , * anyone * can develop cancer . But , to bring this full circle , I do n't see how producing milk necessarily would stop cancer development on its own .
The news article you posted does n't do a great deal of explaining , but the published paper is quite useful . Particularly , the attack summarised through the following steps : 1 ) Client downloads a file from the server that colludes with the adversary . 2 ) While the download progresses , the server injects a repeating traffic pattern in the TCP connection it sees originating from the exit node . 3 ) After sometime the download process is stopped and the server halts the traffic shaping procedure . 4 ) The adversary obtains network statistics from flow records corresponding to the server to exit traffic and for the various clients that used the victim entry node for the duration of the attack experiment . 5 ) If the flows are not correctly aligned , equally long and evenly separated , then the adversary applies the approximation strategy to correctly align them . 6 ) The adversary thereafter computes correlation coefficient for the server to exit traffic network statistics and for all the individual clients that used the victim entry node during the attack experiment . 7 ) The victim client ’s statistics is expected to be most correlated to the server to exit node traffic . Thus the client , whose traffic statistics are most correlated to the exit node traffic are chosen as the victim and verified . Basically , if the NSA controlled a service you were trying to access via Tor , they could send specially shaped packets to act as a sort of label . Even though the data is encrypted and anonymised through Tor ( between the entry and exit nodes ) , if the NSA controlled a lot of routers or major Internet exchange points , they could still track the special packets from the server to the first exit - node , through the middlemen , and finally ( and imperatively ) back through the original entry node & back to your original connection . But that 's not nearly ELI5 enough so I 'll do a * really simplified * analogy which gets the idea across : * * TL;DR * * - say Tor was n't actually an Internet thing and instead was a way of anonymously sending physical mail . If the sender of the parcel was malicious ( eg , an NSA controlled honeypot site ) they could send out really heavy parcels instead of normal , small , letters . So even if the parcel gets repackaged in different boxes or wrapping paper with new labels on ( the middlemen trying to anonymise the post ) , at the end of the day , the client is still going to be receiving a really heavy ass parcel . Even though it may look different , the weight of the packet indicates it 's the same packet which the NSA sent out . Which , in and of itself is pretty useless . But if the NSA controlled most of the postmen , they can just ask them if anyone got a really heavy parcel delivered that day . If they 're lucky , one of the postmen they control remembers delivering a super heavy parcel to 23 Jump Road , Michigan , USA . And then you 're fucked . But critically this relies on two things : having control of the end server , and being able to monitor major Internet exchange points in near real - time , and we 're talking hundreds if not thousands of gigabytes per second here . Theoretically yes Tor is vulnerable but this paper does n't prove it can actually be exploited in any meaningful manner to intercept communications between two end users that want to remain anonymous .
If foxtel is a cable provider then the reason is that the networks themselves are the ones selling advertising time on their networks / channels , not the cable provider . The commercials largely ( ? ) pay for programs to be made . The cable provider pays for rights to broadcast the networks . The consumer pays the provider to view the networks . Edit : More importantly , you 're paying foxtel to maintain the infrastructure which allows them to broadcast to your home .
they really didnt . But often you knew where ships were likely to be . There are only so many ports , and the bigger a ship the bigger a port it needs to be able to dock . A pirate might wait in the shipping lanes a day or two outside of a busy port and wait for a target . Or he might wait for a ship to dock and become a sitting target in an undefended port . A third choice is to cruise near nautical choke points like between islands or outside sandbars . Large convoys of vessels also usually took predictable routes , there was a range of a few degrees which offered the fastest trip to and from Europe due to trade winds and currents , and ships tried to avoid sailing in storm and hurricane season so there tended to be a good deal of activity when it was optimal for sailing . Once a ship was in sight it was then just a matter of who was the better seaman , or which ship was to windward , and in many cases some luck . Ships might be in sight but 20 miles away and still be in a chase .
Mixing light together is simple addition . Adding red light to green light gives you yellow light , add in blue and get white light . Paint , on the other hand , is about absorption and reflection . Yellow paint absorbs blue light , and reflects red and green . Red paint absorbs green and blue light , and reflects red . Mix them together and you get a paint that absorbs blue light , absorbs half of green light and reflects the other half , and reflects red : orange paint .
My family farms and I believe it stems from being associated with GMO 's and as for the suing farmers thing I have no idea how it got so blown out of proportion . First , by buying Monsanto 's seeds you agree to not use the seeds grown for another crop and they are allowed onto your field to check . If you do n't like it you can buy , a usually poorer yielding , type of seed . Second , if there is cross contamination from a field you are NOT sued , Monsanto pays for the clean - up and crop lost . Finally , you can look up the actual number of lawsuits its 145 since 1997 with only 11 going to court . You have to be blatantly saving the seeds and seeding them to be sued .
Yes , but the reason why it is darker is due to there being larger sized particles in the clouds . As they are getting closer to what we know as rain . This absorbs light differently light differently , thus making the cloud appear darker .
* So , was that as good for you as it was for me ? Mathis has apparently spent nearly $ 40,000 developing the symbol and advocating its inclusion as the 27th letter of the alphabet . * Meaning that that $ 40,000 has n't just gone into the development of the symbol , which most likely cost only a fraction of the money , but also into trying to convince people to use it , probably travelling around to attend linguistic conferences etc etc .
They are really quite different . HTML is the language that websites are written in . It describes what elements are in the page and how they 're organized ( elements such as text , images , buttons and links ) . However , HTML originally did n't include the ability to show graphics , animations or videos ( other than pre - rendered images and animated gifs ) . HTML did provide the ability to include embedded objects , which would require the user to install a plugin that could display them . One such common plugin was Flash , which was basically another small program that runs inside your browser ( another such plugin is Java which can display Java Applets , but they 're hardly in use anymore ) . So developers could use Flash to create things like games ( such as the ones you 'll find in the link ) and video players ( such as YouTube ) . HTML5 introduces new features to HTML , mainly the support for the < canvas > and < video > elements . These tags could be used to display graphics and videos without the need for an external plugin , and were handled by the browser and not by the plugin . HTML5 introduces many other new features , but these are the ones that are most relevant to this discussion ( HTML5 vs Flash ) . The main advantage of HTML5 is that it 's a standard that 's supported ( or should be supported ) by every browser . On the contrary , Flash is no longer supported by Apple 's devices , and by Android 's stock browser . Another disadvantage of Flash is that it 's considered slow and inefficient .
They are giving you a controlled experience . If your pizza is frozen until it gets into an oven already heated to a precise temperature , it will heat the same way every time . If your pizza thaws to room temperature first , they do nt know what your room temperature is or how long it 's out and how close it gets to room temperature , so they ca n't account for that . So they 'll never be able to give you exact times like they do . Same if you have a super powerful commercial oven vs a wimpy old one , or a huge cavernous oven vs one a pizza can barely fit in . They will take different amounts of time to heat up , cooking the pizzas different amounts . In addition , cooking for a long time at low temperatures actually has different effects on your ingredients than cooking fast at a high temperature , so you get a slightly different result , although with most pizzas it 's hard to notice .
Amazon fills up their distribution centers with popular items that are quickly sold . When you order something through Amazon from some store that you 've never heard of on the far side of the country , Amazon picks up an identical copy ( if they have one in stock ) from the closest distribution center to where you live and ship it out nearly immediately . The one from the store replaces the one in the distribution center . This is why sometimes a description will make a used item sound in poor shape , but when you get it , it 's better than you expected . This is how you can get popular or common items easily , but if you order something really weird or off the wall , it has to actually come from that store , through Amazon and then to your house and takes a lot longer . I used to work in a distribution center .
Filibustering is a tactic that evolved in the Senate . It 's often called a  parliamentary procedure ,  as it results not from constitutional law but the internal rules of the legislature . In order to allow time for a bill to be discussed and debated , a 60 vote majority is required to proceed from discussion to a vote . Senators realized they could exploit this rule to keep the majority from passing a bill , unless they had a 60 - vote majority ( a  Fillibuster - proof majority .  Filibusters used to require a significant investment of time . Senators grew weary of the pain of a filibuster , and today , the mere threat of a filibuster is enough to get a bill withdrawn due to the time involved ( [ Senators in the past were known to read recipes , Shakespeare , anything in sight ]  ) Now , to your questions : Why is it valid ? Because it works for the minority party . Why is it not simply dismissed ? No majority will eliminate it because they know it will be useful to them in the future . You 'll hear of the  Nuclear Option  from time to time , a threat to eliminate the filibuster by changing the rules ( by simple majority ) . So far , it has not happened . I would n't be surprised to see it happen in the next congress - the rise of use of filibuster is unprecedented ( the filibuster itself is less than 100 years old ) and scorched - earth politicking has become more and more common inside the beltway . Does it have any practical uses ? Yes : It 's a tool for the minority party to block particularly controversial legislation .
In elementary school we played a  game  where the teacher tossed his giant chicken down the field and us students on either side had to hit it mid - air with our smaller chickens . I assume this is the destiny of all rubber chickens .
They are not newborn . They are either realistic looking mannikins or four - month old babies slathered in blood makeup .
Very , very , very different drugs . Be careful . I have had amazing experiences , but bad as well . I would n't classify it as a recreational drug , it really is more of a spiritual experience that needs to have the right setting and place , as well as state of mind . Something that provides a bit of a positive reset to your state of mind when done appropriately .
New Zealanders say Merry Christmas . Source : New Zealander , only ever heard Happy Christmas in Harry Potter .
Florida was chosen for several major reasons . One was , it 's close to the equator . The linear velocity of Earth 's surface is greatest at the equator , much as a ceiling fan blade slices through the air faster at its tip than at its center hub , conferring a fuel - saving boost to spacecraft attempting to escape Earth 's gravity.—Editor 's Note ] The second reason was it had to be on the east coast , over the ocean , so you would n't fly over people that might get killed as stuff dropped off or blew up . And the location that they chose in Florida had a lot to do with the fact that there was n't anything there . You go there today and you do n't see it , but Brevard County in the 1940s was a bunch of orchards and hardly anything else . And this island that they 're on Merritt Island had good logistics, because there was a navy base and an army base not too far away . But there was no population density whatsoever . It was just a beach , essentially . So you could build what you wanted , but it had decent roads because of the military , and that was important . This is one of the problems that the Soviet Union had with Baikonur, Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, their launch site . I mean , it is in the middle of nowhere . They had to build a whole infrastructure to run rail out there , to build highways , to bring in all of the water and power and everything else that was necessary to make that place habitable.
Living in a rather stiff culture often drives those who decide to break out do so with gusto .
You work two of them , you live in the cheapest areas , and you live with other people to split the rent .
Hey , US Army Infantryman who is actually in Afghanistan right now here . In an Infantry platoon it is the Platoon Sergeant 's job to maintain accountability of all men , weapons , and equipment . He does this by maintaining a MAL ( master authorization list ) given to him by the Company 's Armorer when weapons are signed out from the arms room . When a Soldier is injured or killed during combat operations he / she is put onto a MEDEVAC ( medical evacuation ) vehicle , whether it be a helicopter or some form of ground transportation . Prior to the Soldier being loaded all of his equipment is stripped off of him / her and retained by the unit . If the Soldier carried a crucial casualty producing weapon , like a machine gun with a higher rate of fire than the standard M4 , it will be given to the next most qualified person along with all the ammo . This is to try and maintain the combat effectiveness , AKA how many bullets you can throw at people , despite having less people . As for the gear , after it is recovered back to a FOB ( Forward Operating Base ) all gear that was worn by a casualty is inspected by people certified to determine whether it is serviceable . If an item is not serviceable and the casualty is still alive the inspectors will make an effort to send the item to the casualty 's home . It is not uncommon for Soldiers who received gunshots to their helmets to get to keep those for life . Enemy equipment is another story . In a perfect scenario where we eliminate the threat and have time to investigate any enemy equipment is gathered by a TSE team ( Tactical Site Exploitation ) on the spot and processed similar to a crime scene . Bagged , tagged , photographed , and turned into Military Intelligence for processing so they can determine ways to fight better against the enemy 's weapons and equipment . In other situations enemy equipment is destroyed on the spot to permanently prevent the enemy from using that against us . TL;DR Platoon Sergeant is responsible for recovering friendly equipment to the best of his abilities and repaired as quickly as possible . Enemy equipment is analyzed by Military intelligence or destroyed on the spot .
It 's because the price of oil is dropping. It went from a high of around $ 100 per barrel in July down to about $ 78 now , so that 's more than 20 % cheaper . The cost of gasoline at the pump is the price of oil , plus the cost to ship , refine , market , sell , and taxes . But the price of oil is the most variable one . Why is the price of oil going down ? Hard to say , but Saudi Arabia is pumping a lot more than usual and has n't slowed down to keep prices up . Also , the US and Canada have started producing a lot more oil thanks to a new technology called fracking . Ignore the guy that said its election politics -- even the US is n't big enough to move global oil prices down that much for that long .
It is to ensure that they ca n't be retried over and over in the same court until they finally give up and give a guilty / not guilty verdict . You can appeal and send it up the chain of command if new evidence comes to light and you think it would win you the case , but that 's a totally different courtroom .
Some people do not believe that governments do need to exist . THe government , through the implied threat of force & incarceration , forces you to pay taxes for things you may not approve of . You can * try * to refuse to pay taxes but , if they catch you , the government will either take what they say you owe them , throw you in jail or kill you trying to . You ca n't get out , regardless of what a few wingnut  sovereign citizen  types think .
Very true regarding Germany which we in English named after the tribe called the  Germannen  . They named themselves after the tribe called the  Teutsch  . The French named them after the tribe called the  Allemannen  . The Romans named them after the  Tudesci  . And so on . I m guessing some other groups had less flattering names for them , like  those war starting bastards across the river  .
They also take in nutrients from the dirt . That 's how you can get things like iron etc .
There 's a clue in the NATO bit . Germany are a NATO member - in German , ' Nein ' is ' no ' - so if you can make the digit sound different from a common word used by one of your co - members is probably going to be useful .
Yeah man , it starts with old ladies being the least wasteful people you will meet . So , they get these old lady cookies from other little old ladies in their social group- then reuse it for sewing stuff since the lid is just the perfect height for the thread spools . The small ones stand upright and the big spools lay on the side ! When she gets too old to sew , she asks her daughter or another female ,  do you want my sewing tin ? My eyesight is too bad to thread a needle anymore  . That 's how the family keeps the habit going unconsciously , since they 've always seen the sewing stuff in a tin , and the buttons are always in a big button jar . I am the proud owner of a few passed down button jars and sewing tins from granny , mom , and aunts !
Banksy uses a intermediary office called Pest Control, that  * answers enquiries and determine whether he was responsible for making a certain piece of artwork and issue paperwork if this is the case *  . Pest Control even uses / abuses its authority by not authenticating street pieces, because Banksy does not like his art being removed from its original setting .
I have watched a snowstorm with lightning and thunder .
GIF is n't obsolete because HTML5 is n't one format whereas .gif is . HTML5 is simply a way of embedding H.264 , MPEG-4 , or WebM format video files ( that can potentially contain audio ) in a webpage . Which one you get depends on your browser and what the website is ready to serve you , this is what Imgur 's .gifv pseudo - extension does , it hides the specific video format from the user and serves up the correct one for your browser . .gif on the other hand is always the same , and all browsers support it . The guaranteed lack of audio is also a selling point for some in addition to the universal compatibility .
For many utility companies , it is cheaper to give customers CFLs instead of adding production capacity ( building power plants ) . Some states also mandate that utility companies spend a certain amount of money reducing consumption before building new plants .
They want a buffer state in part of the Polish Funnel , a strategically difficult to defend area where armies throughout time have marched through to invade Russia . Here is a map of European geography. The Mountainous areas are difficult for troops to maneuver through , think of them as natural walls . So it is advisable to control and defend the land behind those walls so enemy troops can't slowly amass on your side of those walls.  Russia has already lost the first line of buffer states, Poland, Czech republic, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania as their first line of countries as buffers after the Soviet Union broke up . ]  With those countries lost to NATO , an organization considers Russia as an adversary , and considered equally hostile by Russia , Russia effectively has lost most of the natural geographical defenses . Only Ukraine and Moldova sit behind those natural  walls  that are still not a part of NATO alliance . Moldova is however not aligned with Russia either . The last line of buffers are made up of Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Belarus , and Ukraine . However here is even more grim for Russia . Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania all have joined NATO . However , their combined borders shared with Russia are small and can be defended effectively . Ukraine therefore holds a key strategic importance to Russia since She not only holds a key defensible spot right behind the Carpathian mountains , but her borders to Russia would not only open up a second front that Russia would have to defend from Europe , but also a very large border . So therefore , Russia 's ideal goal is to keep Ukraine from joining the EU and NATO , and prevent her from receiving western military bases , troops , and assets . However , Russia might not be able to prevent the entirety of Ukraine from joining NATO , so the next best thing , or the best of the worst outcomes , is to split Ukraine up , east and west , with the eastern Ukraine being aligned with Russia and act as a small , but still precious buffer space . * * TLDR : The walls around Russia are crumbling and being replaced by potential enemies . Ukraine is a huge chunk of that wall and Russia does n't want it to fall too . * * * edit , a better map *
Parchment is a service that schools use for transcripts so they do n't have to mess with it themselves . Parchment charges enough to make it profitable for them , but if it 's too expensive , it would alienate the high schools they depend on . If they charged too much , another company would contact the school and make a better deal . ACT , on the other hand , makes its revenue two ways -- charging for tests , and charging for sending test scores . They are the only source for this information , and charge what the market will bear .
Because men own boats or hobby cars more often , and they do n't want to sound gay .  Later today I 'm going to wax and shine my Brucey
Suddenly or gradually ? If it was suddenly , we 're all fucked because the Earth is rotating really fast and we 're all rotating with it . If the Earth stops , we do n't , and we go fucking flying . If gradually ... days cycle slower and slower and eventually stop , things start to go very wrong . This is actually happening due to the influence of the Moon 's gravity - given another few billion years the Earth and the Moon would be tidally locked to each other and the same side of the Earth would always face the Moon , with no more planetary rotation . The Sun will die out before that happens though .
Numberwang is a comedy sketch by Mitchell and Webb that parodies game shows . There are no apparent rules and numbers are just yelled .
I work for a state school forr the Blind . All of the students that have been blind from birth say that they just dream in sound . Same goes for the deaf community . They just dream in pictures and no sound .
Because they were so close to the end zone that simply running it in with Marshawn Lynch ( an amazing running back ) would have almost guaranteed the Seahawks a superbowl win .
They place a grid on your body . Usually your back . 16 or so common allergens are then applied to your back and they see what your body reacts to .
Of all the things that mutations cause ( that is , mutations that happen * after * a person has been born ) , most of them probably just end up with the mutated DNA getting repaired or removed , or the cell that contains it being destroyed through programmed cell death . Cancer is the result of a mutation that removes the cell 's ability to repair or quarantine mutations . It is n't that so much of DNA is devoted to reproduction that any one mutation is likely to damage that section of the DNA . It 's that , of all the mutations that happen , the ones that can survive and reproduce are necessarily the ones that alter the normal reproduction / cell death processes ( and these are the mutations that cause cancer . )
they do work . biplanes and triplanes were quite advantageous in WWI . but the more wings you put on , the more lift you get , but the more drag and more strengthing structure you need to add .
A more accurate way to phrase the question , a way that would also more or less answer it , is to ask ,  What is the evolutionary disadvantage of wisdom teeth to someone who has not yet procreated ?  The answer is : not much . It 's tempting to think that evolution means useless things should disappear over time , sort of like a genetic atrophy , but they do n't work that way . Something has to specifically select _ against _ the useless feature . If having wisdom teeth made people less attractive , or raised the likelihood of them dying before reproducing , then we could postulate that there would be evolutionary pressure against larger wisdom teeth and that , over time , more and more people with smaller wisdom teeth would be selected , leading to a gradual evolutionary decline in wisdom teeth . Since that 's not the case , they 're here to stay . An analogue to help cement the idea would be the appendix . If it 's so useless and so ( potentially ) lethal , why do we still have it ? Because by the time someone 's appendix becomes inflamed , they 've probably already had kids and passed the genes along . If the median age for appendicitis over the last couple thousand years was more in the range of five - years - old , there would be much greater selective pressure to eliminate it .
Because those are the people who live in less desirable neighborhoods ( for both environmental and safety factors ) . They are more likely to be under - insured and will forgo preventative care because they can not afford it , so the first time they see a doctor about a health issue is when it has grown too serious to ignore any longer . Factors of poorer nutrition options , lack of access to quality prenatal care , and general stress levels of living in poverty also contribute to an increase in disease .
A middle man familiar with the markets , who wo n't be questioned by the next buyer .
The milky way galaxy is basically a fried - egg shape and we 're out in the white somewhere . Also , it 's almost completely empty space . Imagine being in a cloud of fireflies : you can see pretty much all of them because of the space between them . Same thing with stars in the galaxy . Talking about the specific photo you 've linked , you 're looking towards the centre yolk ( to continue the egg analogy ) so there 's a bright bulge . You can also see lanes of dust because there are some huge clouds of dust that block our view in certain directions . The dust lane here gives you a feel for the central plane of the galaxy ; it 's not quite vertical but at about a 1 o'clock angle . If you were in deep space ( so no ground to block your view below ) you could see the plane of the galaxy go 360^o around the sky . That 's the plane of the frying pan if you like .
Going to a grand jury * is * part of a normal trial ( at least for some kinds of cases ; it varies by state ) . A grand jury is a group of people that the prosecutor has to convince he has a case . He does n't have to prove that the defendant is guilty , just that there 's enough evidence that it 's OK to bring charges against them . The idea here is that the trial itself should not be inflicted upon someone who is obviously innocent — bringing charges must not be a weapon against innocent charges . Charging innocent people can still happen , but this step is intended to minimize it . The controversy is that generally grand juries are very easy to convince and many see them as a formality more than anything . When a high profile case does n't get an indictment ( i.e. a formal accusation against someone that a crime was committed ; pronounced in - dight - ment ) it raises a question of whether the prosecutor was really trying to get the grand jury to indict . Many feel that even though the officer in the Ferguson case would likely have been found innocent that it was not the prosecutor 's place to present such a weak case to the grand jury in order to stop the case then and there .
Suitability for purpose , where purpose has a number of dimensions . For the Bugatti , one of the dimensions has to be  can survive the 250MPH top speed of the car ,  and cost is going to be much less of a factor , given the market space the car is aimed at ( the extremely wealthy ) . For a Cruze , budget pricing is going to be high on the list , and the top speed is maybe as high as 130MPH at a guess . Other dimensions include wet and dry grip , cold weather performance , rolling resistance ( very helpful for high EPA fuel economy estimates ) , road noise , resistance to wear , special features like runflat capability , etc . , etc . The formulation of the rubber compounds that go into the tire , the design of the tread , the layout of the steel ( and other materials ? ) belts that go into the casing , etc . , are all informed by which criteria are emphasized in the tire 's design .
They have a bunch of people cut out the foreground from the background ( rotoscoping ) and place it in depth using software . They move stuff around and paint out the seams . Then they re - render the movie from two virtual cameras . Turns out a lot people are n't very discerning when it comes to 3d , and it 's cheaper and less hassle than using two cameras during the shoot .
Sexual Dimorphism - Some species of animals exhibit differences between sexes so that an individual of that species can fulfil they 're reproductive and survival requirements relative to they 're species . the differences can vary for different species and there is no set characteristic for males or females . i.e. in mammals ( particularly social mammals ) males tends to be larger and stronger and physically better adapted to aggression and conflict , females tend to be better suited to child rearing ( before I get hate mail of Feminazis this is biology , not sociology ) . In Insects Females tend to be larger and better suited to child rearing , where males tend to be simply used sperm production . But back to your original question , what are the facial differences between men and women ? Sexual selection seems to be one of the key factors in later human development . determine the fundamental characteristics of each sex based on the needs and requirement of the opposite sex . For example , men tend to be larger , stronger and broader shoulders ; conversely women have wider hips , are shorter and have a higher fat to muscle ratios . These Characteristics are indicative that men historically have been considered the better fighters and women he better child carers , and in purely reproductive terms would have influenced the sexual selection of either sex , in laments terms men with more masculine features are more sexually desirable , and women with more feminine features are more sexually desirable . ( generally speaking ) However these selection characteristics have also influenced other arbitrary features that we have associated with better mates . I.e. men having wider , squarer jaw lines , and females having the converse . Women having  softer  facial features and men having  harder  facial features . This is n't an exact science and I based on generalizations , which in turn are based on social perceptions . So a forensic investigator in the situation you provided would have to used assumptions to determine the difference . However I do think there are certain aspects that are absolute , like nose to eye width ratios and so on .
Because there 's nothing about a bowl or a grinder that 's inherently tied to illegal drug usage . You could be using them for tobacco , for all they know ! It 's the same reason head shops can exist . Until it 's coated in marijuana residue , a bowl is not necessarily paraphernalia .
Traditionally , as school began and the weather became cooler , people were less likely to go out and more likely to stay at home watching television . A new show would reach the widest audience on a weekday evening in the fall . Premier them in the summer and half your audience is out at the beach or the park or a family cookout or on vacation , etc .
If you body is doing a lot of work , it needs all the energy it has , digesting food takes energy , so getting rid of it allows more energy to be used for task at hand . Sort of a fight or flight response .
When fire burns , it has different patterns and can leave a sort of  trail  as to which way it travels as well as whether accelerants such as oils , gasoline or kerosene were burnt in the process
From a Christian : Yes , our gods come from the same cultural origin ( Abraham ) . What differs is out ideas of His manifestation . Christians believe in a personal God who sent his own son in human form , etc , you 've heard the story . Islam and Judaism disregards Jesus as the son of God . Islam regards him as a prophet lesser than Mohammed , and say that Mohammed 's writings are the ones that trump all others . So basically , yes , but we disagree about what they say and do
There is no such thing . There are countries without * income * taxes , but they collect other taxes .
Making white rice might be slightly more work , but keeping brown rice from going rancid is also more work , and that is not just a one time thing . But mostly , brown rice is trendy among affluent foodies , who are willing to pay more for it . You can get them for more or less the same price if you shop around and buy in bulk .
A strawman is when instead of arguing your opponents position , you make up a new position that they do not hold and fight that . Say Joe and bob are having a debate on illegal immigration . joe : I believe we should build a large inpenetrable fence around our borders so no illegal immigrants can come in . bob : so you believe immigrants should be rounded up and put behind fences like some sort of concentration camp ? here , bob made a strawman because nowhere in his argument did joe mention that he wanted people rounded up or placed in a concentration camp .
There 's certain things happen at certain times prior to takeoff , and announcing a countdown helps get those things right . The countdown does n't just go from ten seconds - NASA 's countdown clock starts at 43 hours , but there 's not somebody announcing ever second apart from at the very end !
Because work goes on virtually every hour of every day in high rises . The office critters occupy and push papers and make up money during the daylight and sometimes into the evening . And Overnight / early morning there are cleaning crews maintenance / repair crews and construction crews and security people wandering about . The tenants in highrise office buildings are constantly changing , whenever a new tenant moves into a floor or subdivides a floor into multiple offices the work on the build out ca n't happen during the day since office critters would get upset if construction men were walking all over their desks and shifting stuff around while they were there . My company occasionally does high rise tenant finish and when the tenant wants a new break room or two , and the executive wants a private bathroom in his corner office then things need to be happening on multiple floors at once . The drainage piping needs to be run on the floor below , which is likely occupied . To install new drainage plumbing in a high rise a large X - ray machine needs to be brought out and shoot beams of radiation up towards the slab to find what locations are available for drilling , ( this needs to be done from the floor below ) then we bring out large core drills which make lots of noise and spray mud everywhere , which requires us to cover all the office folks computers and desks / cabinets and family photos with tarps so when they get back in the morning they do n't know we were romping around their office the previous night . Then we need to take the ceiling grid panels out from the occupied floor and bring in the equipment to install the new piping . Doing any of this during ' working hours ' , everything from bringing in large radiation machines and blasting them between their desks , to covering everyone with tarps and spraying them with mud which making a racket , would piss loads of workers off . Work like what I 'm describing will mean that three floors are completely lit up for the entire night shift , if it 's a 35 story building and 2 - 3 floors are being re - finished and there are two cleaning crews and a security / maintenance crew going around as well then that would mean 10 - 12 floors at a time minimum are lit up so people are able to work . Tl , DR : If the lights are on on a certain floor of a highrise , there are people doing some form of work on that floor , if there are no lights or the lights are dim then the floor is unoccupied at that time . I 've also heard rumors that tall buildings need to keep a certain amount of floors lit up so aeroplanes can see then easier and gauge their height / distance at night . Though I think this is less likely than work going on , tall buildings have those flashing red lights up top for planes .
Not for a trial but delayed for an investigation . If someone was able to do that , no further executions would take place until measures were put in place to prevent it from happening again .
[ Here ]  , read one of the author 's other blog entries . He basically goes over some the details there . In short , though , a progressive tax system is n't enough on its own to reduce income inequality because tax only ' takes ' money . It has to be followed up by a progressive spending system that helps put money effectively towards helping the lower income brackets . Also , in the US , most of the top earners make the majority of their money through investment , dividends , and capital gains , some of which are taxed at a much lower rate than standard income tax . Editted for some corrections because I 'm not an American so I do n't know your tax code completely off - hand .
A star is an immense ball of gas , mostly hydrogen and helium . The gravitational pull draws the gasses towards the center of the star . This creates incredible pressure . The pressure causes nuclear fusion , which fuses hydrogen atoms into helium , releasing a lot of energy in the process . This energy pushes outwards , working against the gravitational pull and preventing the star from collapsing inwards .
When any part of our body is touched , nerves in the skin are activated . On the way to the brain , those nerves meet at several junctions or ' gates ' . At those junctions , bunches of nerves coming from nearby all gather together on the way to the brain At each gate , the signals from all the bundled nerves are processed together . Sometimes , two nerves work together to increase each other 's intensity , and sometimes , they dampen each other 's signals . At the same time , nerves coming from the brain work as ' central control ' to change the intensity of the signal that 's being passed on . Again , sometimes the signal is increased , and sometimes it 's decreased . Over the history of their development , our brains have gotten good at learning what signals they should pay attention to , and what signals they can ignore . One of the signals the brain has learned to ' ignore ' is self touch . It is n't dangerous , and we usually only need to be partially aware of it . Walking through a spider web and touching your hand to your face are two different experiences , and for good reason . When the brain identifies self - touch , it uses those feedback fibers I mentioned before to suppress the intensity of sensation , which makes it easier to ignore . Also , when a signal arrives in the brain , several regions cooperate to figure out exactly what it is , where it came from , and what to do about it . When we identify self - touch , there are regions of our brain that are trained to say ' ignore it ' . As a result , we suppress the intensity of those signals .
Ocean provides much better margins of error , and the navy , the folk that actually have to go pick them up , are far more suited to getting out on the open seas rather than shimmying through the canals to get up the St Lawrence and through the lakes . Also the capsule , ideally , is only facing salt water on the exterior . That 's the heat shield and vacuum shield , it 's dealt with far worse .
A person 's net worth is the value of all their assets , minus debts .
I think it goes without saying that government is n't really anything like personal debt but it might help put things in perspective using a more familiar idea we can grasp . Part of the problem with the perception of our debt being a big problem is that the numbers are big . Mind bogglingly big . Scary big . Our debt is roughly $ 17,000,000,000,000 . And , yes , that is a big number . But let me show you another number : $ 17,000,000,000,000 . Why , yes . That is the same number . $ 17,000,000,000,000 also happens to be our Gross Domestic Product or GDP , which is what our country produces in a year . Think of the GDP as our annual salary as a country . Now if you met a person who made $ 170,000 a year ( a much easier number to get your head around ) and that person was in debt to the tune of $ 170,000 say with a house a couple of credit cards and that person always paid all of his bills all the time , most people would say that person has very good credit and is n't at risk of going bankrupt and would likely be a particularly good candidate if they decided to get another loan . And so long as their income grows proportionally with their debt and they keep paying their bills , they 'll continue to be a safe bet to continue to receive loans . In other words , if their debt rose to $ 200,000 , that 'd be okay if their income was also in the neighborhood of $ 200,000 . Now what you want to know is : Can the debt ever be repaid ? And the simple answer is ,  yes , but you would n't really want to  . Keeping our house metaphor in tact for the time being , if we wanted to get out of debt , we could pay less for the stuff we use and use the difference to pay down our debt . But there 's a problem : What do we cut ? Food ? Medicine ? Clothing ? Home Security ? Everything we 're spending money on we more or less need . Sure , we could nibble around the edges and find a few dollars here and there , but not enough to make a really big difference . Going back to our full scale US debt , it sounds good to say you 're going to cut our $ 10 million budget for ketchup research or $ 6 million in pork for a courthouse in Milwaukee , but that 's like saying you 're going to pay off your mortgage by rummaging around for spare change in your couch . When trillions are on the table , millions wo n't cut it and billions will barely touch it . Which is n't to say it 's impossible . Just about 20 years ago the Clinton administration had a plan to pay down the national debt by raising taxes and cutting spending . According to that plan , we would have paid off the national debt by the far off future year of 2011 . Unfortunately , when we went to war in Afghanistan and Iraq in 2002 and 2003 , that added expense sidelined the debt repayment and ballooned our debt . And then in 2008 and 2009 the financial crisis happened and various stimulus packages and tax relief packages meant our debt ballooned again . It 's really been a lousy decade for debt and deficit . But have no fear : Should we do the obvious yet politically suicidal thing of raising taxes and cutting spending we can get our debt under control again ( until the next big crisis , at least ) . But we do n't want to pay it off , mostly because a lot of our debt is n't owned by foreign countries : it 's owned by people like you and me in the form of government bonds . ( Basically you buy XX in IOUs from the government and they 'll pay you back XX plus interest after a given amount of time and these are generally seen as safe but low(er ) return parts of many investment portfolios for individuals and businesses . ) If the government is debt free , that means there are no bonds to invest in , which is n't very good for the economy . Economists might disagree on how much debt is good and how much is bad but most would agree that it 's best to have some . So that it . Our debt is big , but it 's not concerning because it 's about the same size as our GDP . It should probably be at least a little smaller , which is simple and hard because everyone knows what needs to be done ( higher taxes and lower spending ) but nobody is willing to do it . But much like needing to lose weight you ca n't just exercise more OR cut calories , you 've got to do both . And while we could one day , 20 , 30 years from now slowly get to zero with modest cuts and tax hikes , we do n't really need to or want to because it would mean lower , slower economic growth as a nation and fewer quality investment opportunities for individuals and businesses .
1024x768 was a standard resolution for square aspect ratio monitors , so the 768 presumably comes from keeping that consistent and easily manufacturable . The 1366 is just brought about from the aspect ratio of widescreen 16:9 . Since DVDs were often widescreen it became a standard choice . There was a phase of 16:10 monitors for computers , mine for instance is 1680x1050 , but mass production wins out and the decision to use the same resolution across TVs , laptops and monitors drove the price down . That in turn meant other designers went with the lower cost screen ... becoming standard .
The Constitution is the highest law of the land in the U.S. It can be amended - such as the thirteenth amendment which abolished slavery , for example - but you ca n't make a law which ignores or contradicts the Constitution without Congress passing a constitutional amendment . You also ca n't make laws which ignore or contradict previous constitutional amendments .
Now , There are 2 problems with steam , and both fixes by valve were , um ... Not . - Getting the game on steam was ... luck ? magic ? no - one knew how it worked or why , but unless you were being published by the likes of EA or Ubisoft , getting your game on steam was impossible . this basicly culled out indies . So they added greenlight as a sort of popularity system . It got abused ( suprise ! ) and so they went back to the drawing board . Thus they added Early Access . ( which seems to work more or less ) but they never removed greenlight - which they stated they were planning on removing . so we 'll see when that happens . Lastly , they then opened the gates to publishes of all kinds to push their back - log catelogue ( ie : their bargain bin shit ) to steam . Which resulted in steam having to redesign their frontpage . which took them 6 months . yay valve ?
SO covers boyfriends , girlfriends , husbands , wives , casual dating , and does so without being gender or status specific .
I get that they are  bottom feeders  but to be fair if someone does n't repay their debts ( of at least the principle amount ) they ultimately stole that money . Thanks in advance for the downvotes ;)
In the simplest terms , anything we do to try and detect the location of a particle will change its speed . In the same way , anything we do to try and measure its speed will change its location . It 's a matter of measurement and sensing sciences , which we can not ( at least yet ) surmount . Heisenberg 's theory is that it is impossible to know both at once .